README.md, before:

# Hi 👋, I'm Fernando Alves

**`Front-End Developer`**

🚀 **Bachelor of Information Technology | Software Engineering Student**  
🇧🇷 Brazil

My name is Fernando Umbilino Alves, I am 24 years old and I am from São Paulo. I am currently studying Software Engineering at UFERSA.

---

## 🌐 Where to find me

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://instagram.com/fernaando.alves">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-@FERNAANDO.ALVES-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://linkedin.com/in/fernaando-alves/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-FERNAANDO%20ALVES-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white">
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:fernandoumalves@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-FERNANDOUMALVES-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/fernandoalvess">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-FERNANDOALVESS-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github" />
  </a>
</p>

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

### Frontend

![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/css-%23663399.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-FFD43B?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=000)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![htmx](https://img.shields.io/badge/htmx-%233366CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=htmx&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs)
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)
![SASS](https://img.shields.io/badge/SASS-hotpink.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=SASS&logoColor=white)

### Backend

![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/django-%23092E20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white)
![Prisma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prisma-2D3748?style=for-the-badge&logo=prisma)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)

### DevOps & Tools

![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![VScode](https://img.shields.io/badge/vscode-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=vscode&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vercel-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white)
![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white)
![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack-4A154B?style=for-the-badge&logo=slack&logoColor=white)
![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black)
![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-%235865F2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white)
![Trello](https://img.shields.io/badge/Trello-%23026AA7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Trello&logoColor=white)

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats

<p align="left">
  <img height="170" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=fernandoalvess&show_icons=true&theme=dark" alt="Fernando GitHub stats" />
  <img height="170" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=fernandoalvess&layout=compact&theme=dark" alt="Top Langs" />
</p>

---

## 🚀 Philosophy

> _"Code is not just about solving problems.  
> It's about building solutions that scale, last, and generate real value."_

---

🤝 Always open to collaborations, partnerships, and cool ideas

Commit message:

Revise personal information and skills in README
Updated personal introduction and improved clarity on current studies and focus areas.

README.md, after:

# Hi 👋, I'm Fernando Alves

**`Front-End Developer`**

🚀 **Bachelor of Information Technology | Software Engineering Student**  
🇧🇷 Brazil

Fernando Umbilino Alves, 24 years old, originally from São Paulo and currently living in Ceará, Brazil. I am a Software Engineering student at UFERSA, focused on Front-End development and building modern, scalable, and user-centered applications. I am continuously improving my technical skills and striving for professional growth.

---

## 🌐 Where to find me

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://instagram.com/fernaando.alves">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-@FERNAANDO.ALVES-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://linkedin.com/in/fernaando-alves/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-FERNAANDO%20ALVES-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white">
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:fernandoumalves@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-FERNANDOUMALVES-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/fernandoalvess">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-FERNANDOALVESS-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github" />
  </a>
</p>

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

### Frontend

![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-FFD43B?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=000)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![htmx](https://img.shields.io/badge/htmx-%233366CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=htmx&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs)
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)
![SASS](https://img.shields.io/badge/SASS-hotpink.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=SASS&logoColor=white)

### Backend

![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/django-%23092E20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white)
![Prisma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prisma-2D3748?style=for-the-badge&logo=prisma)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)

### DevOps & Tools

![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![VScode](https://img.shields.io/badge/vscode-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=vscode&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vercel-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white)
![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white)
![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack-4A154B?style=for-the-badge&logo=slack&logoColor=white)
![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black)
![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-%235865F2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white)
![Trello](https://img.shields.io/badge/Trello-%23026AA7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Trello&logoColor=white)

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats

<p align="left">
  <img height="170" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=fernandoalvess&show_icons=true&theme=dark" alt="Fernando GitHub stats" />
  <img height="170" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=fernandoalvess&layout=compact&theme=dark" alt="Top Langs" />
</p>

---

## 🚀 Philosophy

> _"Code is not just about solving problems.  
> It's about building solutions that scale, last, and generate real value."_

---

🤝 Always open to collaborations, partnerships, and cool ideas
